#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
bleach==6.1.0
    # via kaggle
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
fonttools==4.50.0
    # via matplotlib
idna==3.6
    # via requests
imbalanced-learn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imblearn
imblearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via matplotlib
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
kaggle==1.6.8
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   xgboost
packaging==24.0
    # via matplotlib
pandas==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via matplotlib
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via kaggle
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
requests==2.31.0
    # via kaggle
scikit-learn==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
    #   xgboost
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   kaggle
    #   python-dateutil
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via kaggle
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
xgboost==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-resources
